docs: Add known issue for #11169 (#11465)
elastic/elastic-agent: docs/release-notes/known-issues.md

% Workaround description.
% :::

:::{dropdown} Elastic Agent becomes unhealthy with the error `host parsing failed for prometheus-collector: error parsing URL: parse "http://localhost:EDOT_COLLECTOR_METRICS_PORT"`
***Applies to: {{agent}} 9.2.1**

> On November 13th 2025, a known issue was discovered that causes Elastic Agent to become unhealthy with the error 'host parsing failed for prometheus-collector: error parsing URL: parse "http://localhost:EDOT_COLLECTOR_METRICS_PORT": invalid port ":EDOT_COLLECTOR_METRICS_PORT" after host'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On November 13th 2025, a known issue was discovered that causes {{agent}} to become unhealthy with the error `host parsing failed for prometheus-collector: error parsing URL: parse "http://localhost:EDOT_COLLECTOR_METRICS_PORT": invalid port ":EDOT_COLLECTOR_METRICS_PORT" after host`.
```

This problem has no effect on the operation of Elastic Agent besides incorrectly marking it as unhealthy. The `prometheus/metrics` input that is
affected is incorrectly created when certain output types (Logstash, Kafka) or output parameters (e.g. loadbalance) are used.

> For more information, check [#11169](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/11169.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, check [#11169](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/11169).
```

**Workaround**
See https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/11169#issuecomment-3553232394

> 

Reviewer: Let’s add this link at the end of the workaround description.

```suggestion

```

Affected users set the "Monitoring Runtime" advanced policy setting to the "process" runtime to work around this issue. This is the runtime

> mode that is already being used when this problem occurs. The same can be done in a standalone agent by setting `agent.monitoring._runtime_experimental: process` in their `elastic-agent.yaml` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Affected users must set the **Monitoring runtime** advanced policy setting in {{fleet}} to the **Process** runtime to work around this issue. This is the runtime
mode that is already being used when this problem occurs. The same can be done in a standalone agent by setting `agent.monitoring._runtime_experimental: process` in its `elastic-agent.yaml` file.
```

```yaml
agent.monitoring:
    _runtime_experimental: process
```

> The fix will be included in version 9.2.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, refer to [issue #11169](https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/issues/11169#issuecomment-3553232394).

The fix will be included in version 9.2.2.
```
